In 2014, I watched this video four years ago, uh,
of you competing in,
I believe your first swim meet against your brother, Terry.
Uh, and you came out victorious.
Not really.
Okay. So let's I won the.
Did you cheat? He here's what happened?
I had researched this thing because I'm, that's how I am you practiced? No,
I didn't, but I researched it in swimming. If you flinch on that starter block,
mm-hmm, <affirmative>, it's a false start. You can't Twitch a finger.
And because they would be doing that to get their buddy to move or the guy next
to 'em, you know, so you have to be rock solid. Well, when we went,
Terry was leaning forward as the gun was going off, so he's moving.
And so I was like, no, no, no fall star. No, no, no, no.
And he couldn't hear me. He was already in the water.
And so he took off like a bat outta, you know,
where <laugh> for the end of the pool and couldn't hear me and got to the end of
the pool. And it was a down and back. Well,
that's a hard thing to do with a guy with no body fat. Yeah.
And so he burned a lot of energy. Ah,
and he come up on that end of the pool and he was like, where's, where's he at?
Cause he didn't see me.
And so we stopped him and then he came back and then we went another one and I
beat him. Um, but it's the only time that, you know,
I would say that he was tuckered out and that it's a reason why. And um,
I'll also say this. We did a time where we timed my race,
the one I won
and then we timed his first down to the wall and then we timed his,
the actual race where once he hit the wall, we timed him on the way back.
And he'd beaten me now. How's that for being out? That's pretty honest.
That's pretty honest.
Accountable. Wow person.
<laugh> and I'm gonna tell you something else getting in those shorts,
those swim trucks. That's impressive.
They are tight. Yeah. So is there <laugh> is outside of wrestling,
is there, uh, a thing that Terry got the better of you? I mean,
I guess the could count as one, uh,
that you're still really bitter about that you need to avenge.
I mean, that's passed. I mean, we he's got an UNO title.
We have UNO world championships. He's got an UNO title. I have,
I have yet to have one. Morningstar has two titles. That's unprecedented.
<laugh> so there's only four trophies out. Aaron.
Terry's got one of those and I don't have one.
Yet. Yeah. It's still time, Tom.
Thank you so much for letting a Russian with a tie into your home.